[CASTOR] How did you
find your way in here?
I think one should store
all kinds of documents
in a library for
moments like these.
In other words,
you found the blueprints
for Red Dragon City.
So I take it you know
about the underground
escape routes and
all its other secrets.
This is the first occasion
we've met face‐to‐face,
isn't it, King Souma?
Duke Castor Vargas.
And I am Acting King
Souma Kazuya.
You may call me Tolman,
a servant
of the House of Vargas, Sire.
On that note, he had
nothing to do with all this.
If somehow, I am defeated here,
you may trust the
Air Force to him.
The man will serve honorably.
If you're going to be
this gracious about it,
why don't you just
lay down your sword?
[CASTOR] Can a man back
down when his mind's set?
And know, I don't intend
to go down easily.
My king, I'll handle this.
And you're supposed
to be a hero?
Care to face me one‐on‐one?
You can't be serious.
No bureaucrat who stays
locked away in a castle
could measure up
to her in combat.
[AISHA] Castor, just how long
do you plan on aiming
your sword at King Souma?
Careful! You'll get hurt!
I didn't want to reveal this
in front of His Majesty,
but I've been alive
for several decades.
Ha! And I've been fighting
on behalf of this kingdom
for a century!
Not too shabby for
a dark elf woman!
Name's Aisha, and I won't
let you lay a finger
on His Majesty!
Quite the brute
strength you possess.
True. While I may
not be graceful,
if my strength can be used in
supporting His Majesty's reign,
then being described as a
brute is good enough for me.
[CASTOR]
Such fierce loyalty.
You really find Souma to be
that good of a master?
While I'm not sure,
what I do know is
that I wish to
remain by his side.
To stay with His Majesty
and the princess forever!
You're similar to me
and Carla as well.
Still! If your loyalty
overshadows your skills
with a sword, you will fall!
You and your master!
[yells]
Ice Sword Mountain!
Freeze right there!
[AISHA yells]
[CASTOR grunts]
The last thing I expected
was for the princess
to be hiding inside that doll.
You've defeated me.
Indeed.
Please don't make that face.
I fought true, despite
my pride, you won.
There is nothing to regret.
That aside,
there is a question I've been
meaning to ask you, Princess.
[LISCIA]
What is it?
Souma, is he the ruler
our country deserves?
He is.
In my eyes,
he's earned the title.
Some might call my
stance self‐indulgent,
but there's no one
more fit to be king.
And if one day, my father
suddenly demanded
the throne back,
I would stand by Souma's side
and fight to protect his reign!
You'd be willing
to go that far?
[explosion]
[SOUMA]
The battleship exploded.
Which means the Air Force
should be returning soon.
[CASTOR]
So it's to be a slave collar?
The name of the master it's
been set to is Souma Kazuya.
If you attempt to harm
its master, then...
It'll automatically tighten,
and my head will roll
free from my neck.
Yes, I understand.
Father! You'll pay for this!
Carla, enough!
Can't you see we're beaten?
Your insurrection's squashed!
And since a slave collar
has been attached
to your father's neck,
killing Souma will end up
taking Duke Vargas's life, too!
[SOUMA]
Tolman.
[TOLMAN]
Sire?
Given recent events,
I hereby grant you temporary
commission of the Air Force,
making you general over it,
and part of the Forbidden Army.
[TOLMAN]
As you command, my king.
But, if I may, I wish to
ask you one thing first.
[SOUMA]
Proceed.
What fate will befall Duke
Vargas and Lady Carla?
We will review their case
once fighting has ceased.
But at the moment,
I will not speak on it.
[TOLMAN]
Your orders, sire?
As part of the Forbidden Army,
how would you like the
Air Force to move forward?
Announce to your people
the outcome of the battle:
The Vargas Duchy's
been captured.
As for its troops, they are
now under my command
and answer to my orders.
Assemble your forces, and head
toward the Carmine Duchy.
Yes, sire.
[SOUMA] Sorry to keep you
waiting, Georg Carmine.
See you soon.
I know you have your doubts,
but Carla here
is extremely loyal.
She's conscientious to the core
and will do what
is asked of her,
no matter how much
she might dislike it.
She's a good girl, trust me.
Also, to be forward,
you may not be able to tell
with all her armor
on, but she's...
There's no need to oversell
your friend's virtues, Liscia.
I know you're begging
for her life.
But are you sure you've
considered the risks
that come from doing so?
Carla has committed
the crime of rebellion.
As a concubine, she might be
shielded from prosecution.
But if the king refuses
to uphold the law,
he will lose the trust
of the people.
But even so,
you can't just‐‐
Please stop trying to shield me!
He sent us letters time
and again asking
for our allegiance, but we
kept rejecting his offer.
I consider myself
a warrior until death.
If my life is forfeit, so be it.
I only wish you could
have taken that spirit
and directed it into something
that didn't hurt Liscia.
[LOOKOUT] Multiple wyverns
approaching from the sky
to the east!
It's the Air Force!
Duke Vargas sent
them reinforcements!
Is this what the ground forces
have been waiting for?
Looks like everything's
going to be all right, Hal.
Our gamble ended
up paying off, eh?
[weapons firing]
I don't know how, but
Souma really delivered!
As if there was any doubt!
Enemy bolt throwers
have been silenced!
Now then, let's begin our aerial
attack on Randel Castle!
Make absolutely sure
not to drop them
on the residential sections!
Brought along the air support,
exactly as I promised.
And we outlasted
the army's attack,
all according to the plan.
It was only a day
and a half, though.
Shouldn't have been that hard
for a competent soldier.
You dumbass!
For your information, they were
using cannons against us!
So it was a little dangerous!
We didn't have it easy, either.
Duke Vargas gave us
a real run for our money.
Whoever he is, that man
certainly does speak
quite freely with the king.
Yes, well, Halbert has
special permission
to be chummy.
In other words, he's one of us.
Count Vargas and the Air
Force have betrayed us!
We must come up
with a new strategy!
We're awaiting
your instructions!
Tell us what we're supposed
to do now, Duke!
Are you going to say something?
Give me a damage report
from the bombardment.
Yes, sire.
Some of the roofs and towers
have been completely destroyed.
Fortunately, casualties
were minimal.
However, Souma now
has air superiority.
I see.
In other words, given
the position we are in,
essentially we have taken
the people of this city
as our hostages.
Yes.
Then there is no other
way of putting it:
the battle is lost.
But what you're saying
is utter madness!
The army remains
virtually unscathed,
and there's ample opportunity
to turn things around!
If we use the people
as human shields
and hide in the castle‐‐
Use people as shields and
hide within the castle?
I just want to make sure,
did I hear you correctly?
You should be able to
sacrifice your subjects
if you desire!
Yes, I suppose that's the
way you lot think, isn't it?
Disgraceful.
[chains clicking]
[NOBLEMAN C]
Wh‐What are you doing?
[NOBLEMAN E]
I don't deserve this!
[NOBLEMENT chattering]
It's outrageous to think
I would ever lower myself
to your level.
Out of my sight.
[LUDWIN]
Your Majesty.
As you ordered, we constructed
and defended the fortress.
Mission accomplished.
That was quite the feat.
After the fighting is over, you
and your men will be rewarded.
Assemble your troops, Ludwin.
Prepare to move out.
Sire. We'll make for Randel.
We won't. There will be no
more fighting here today.
With that, I have done
my part and no longer
have any regrets in
this life, except one.
Now then, Beowulf, if you
would see to mine yourself.
Sire.
Send a messenger to their
Army with our surrender.
Tell them with the exception
of the noblemen's forces,
our soldiers were only
following my orders.
I will accept full
responsibility.
As for the rest, I leave it in
yours and Glaive's hands.
Understood?
Sire.
[LOOKOUT] A white flag is
waving over Castle Randel!
[LUDWIN]
Your Majesty.
But how did you know?
This wine was a present
from King Albert.
The day the princess
was to marry,
I hoped to drink
myself into a stupor.
My only regret is not
being able to see her
in her wedding dress
on that fateful day,
but considering how I am giving
her the greatest present
anyone could ever offer,
pain is more tolerable.
I bring word.
King Souma has not
entered Randel,
but is already leading
the Forbidden Army
away from here and heading west.
As soon as the army
has regrouped,
he has ordered us to follow.
You're just an old rotten
trunk I need to step over.
I see.
So that's how this plays out!
He has no intention
on netting minnows
when he's after bigger fish!
Well! My king! And princess!
Go right on ahead and step
over this ancient stump,
hand in hand!
Cheers to you both!
Glory to the young!
And to Elfrieden!
Someone explain it to me!
Just what is going on?
I understand why you
would be confused.
This whole affair was
orchestrated by Duke Carmine.
What do you mean "orchestrated"?
[SOUMA] From the very
beginning, I never intended
to go to war against
the Three Dukedoms.
Then why did you‐‐?
I know how it looked.
As if Duchess Walter fell in
line after I made my ultimatum,
but she's been on my side,
for quite a while, actually.
Which is all thanks to Juna.
That's correct.
The Duchess's granddaughter
acted as a mediator
between us.
I couldn't be sure how the
other two dukes would act.
So, I requested Walter
keep this fact a secret
for the time being.
Regarding Duke Carmine,
Liscia told me several stories
about the man and based
on everything I heard,
if you spoke
heart‐to‐heart with him,
he was reasonable.
But then he decided to harbor
those corrupt noblemen.
Honestly, that wasn't
part of mine
and Hakuya's scenario.
No matter how I tried to
understand his reasoning,
I didn't know what
Carmine's goal was.
Then I met
Halbert's father.
Glaive requested an
audience with me that day.
All right, let's hear it.
Right. About Duke Carmine,
he intends to gather
all the corrupt nobles
who have committed
offenses at Castle Randel
and stage a rebellion
against your Majesty,
so that you may stamp them out.
If these connected and wealthy
men remained concealed,
they would continue
causing you trouble,
but should the Duke take
a confrontational posture
towards the king,
it would lure them out.
to his side, openly.
Is this a joke?
Whoever asked him to
do anything of the sort?
Your anger is
quite justified, sire.
but I assure you, this was
Duke Carmine's idea‐‐
his alone.
When wheat spoils, sire, it also
spoils any surrounding grain.
The problem with nobility
is the network they share.
Even if you are aware
a nobleman is corrupt,
should any of their
relations beg for mercy,
you'll have no choice
but to let matters stand.
That is why it is
so necessary for them
to be looked down upon,
as insurrectionists
against the state.
Do we have to take
things to that extreme?
Yes. But there is one
other reason, as well.
Let me hear it then.
The property Your Majesty
seized from them
was just scratching the surface.
It's been confirmed, the
noblemen who have gone
over to the Carmine Duchy
spent vast amounts
employing mercenaries from Zem.
Despite your efforts, this
only proves you have not
stripped them of
all their wealth.
Dare I say, these noblemen
are far more sinister
than even Your Majesty is aware.
So is Georg's ultimate goal
to try and get these nobles
to spend the remainder
of their hidden assets?
Even if he does, it'll just
wind up in Zem's coffers
as payment for sending
their mercenaries, unless‐‐
It's ransom money?
Indeed. After successfully
capturing the corrupt nobles,
all the mercenaries hired by
them will be taken prisoner
as well.
Duke Carmine wanted them to
use up all their dark money,
so the funds would
wind up over in Zem.
When their mercenaries
are held captive,
he'll recover that money as
payment for their release,
reclaiming the wealth.
Yes.
A man who can
think so far ahead,
and I'm supposed to
go to war with him?
If he's prepared
to go such lengths,
he should work with me!
Please, Your Highness,
you must understand.
Duke Carmine has entrusted
you with the future
of this nation.
Why have such faith
in my ability to rule?
Even though we've never met?
Who knows?
But someday, when you
are standing face‐to‐face
with him, you are free
to ask him the answer
to that question, sire.
Duke Carmine was willing
to risk his own life.
I hesitated to tell anyone
the truth, even Liscia.
He only confessed to me
what was really going on
shortly before he
delivered his ultimatum.
You're saying
that my father's and
my opposition was...
I'm sorry.
I could have told Duke Vargas
about this development,
but if even a word
of it leaked out,
then Duke Carmine's...
His entire strategy
would crumble to dust.
And yet, he was willing
to risk his very life,
as well as mine and my father's.
Carla.
I won't show that
damn Weist any mercy.
[SOLDIER A] Someone has
stepped out onto the wall!
It can't be. How is
Duchess Walter here?
She was in Lagoon City
during the conference
with the other Dukes.
Even in haste, it would
have taken her at least
three days to travel here.
You don't suppose
she's been in Altomura
since before the conference?
She's been in contact
with Souma all along!
Father, please! This is a trap!
We must retreat at once!
I suggest minding
that tongue, boy!
I am the acting king over
the nation of Elfrieden,
Souma Kazuya.
Having defeated Duke
Vargas of the Air Force
and Duke Carmine of the army,
I am now in control
of all the armed forces.
This civil war has ended.
However, we still cannot
sheathe our swords just yet!
You see, Amidonia's military has
taken advantage of this chaos,
and chosen to brazenly
invade our territory!
For generations, they've
taken land they lost to us
and continuously raised
tensions along our border.
The current Amidonian
prince, Gaius the Eighth,
has been no exception.
He has promoted friction between
myself and the Three Dukedoms,
and operated from the
shadows for their benefit!
Will merely driving these
invaders out suffice?
At a time when mankind
should be united in the fight
against the Demon Lord, can
we excuse such barbarism?
Nay! It must be called
out and punished!
As such, the Elfrieden
Kingdom condemns
the Principality of Amidonia
and hereby declares war!
Why, you insolent brat!
You call three generations
of noble conquest barbarism?
[SOUMA]
I'm sure you're watching.
So, Gaius, know that I am
sending my forces westward.
As you may have surmised,
our destination is Van,
the capital of Amidonia.
While you and your forces
have been dawdling around
Altomura, we have
made preparations
to burn your city to the ground.
What'd you expect?
You have raised your
hand against my house.
And now you will suffer.
We must ride back
to Van immediately!
First you defeat Duke Carmine,
and now you proceed
to declare war on Amidonia.
This isn't something
you can do on a whim.
This plan, when did you form it?
What's my family thinking?
Princess. I have received
word that Prince Gaius
departed from
Altomura yesterday.
Forgive me, but I bring news.
It's your father.
Prince Gaius has arrived
on the plains of Van.
I see.
Out with it. Didn't make it
in one piece, did they?
No.
They took Goldoa
Valley. Correct?
Sadly, yes. Most perceptive.
Souma's a master of finance,
infrastructure, and warcraft.
He deduced exactly what
my idiot father had planned.
and cornered him.
Pray tell, what do you mean?
It's simple,
the shortest route to Van
would be going through
the Ursula Mountain range.
Even if they were
marching double time,
they'd still pass through the
mountains during the night.
[ENEMY SOLDIERS yell]
Word is that it
was a hellish night.
Men abandoning their friends,
screaming for help,
clawing through blood and muck.
The way out of the valley
is right up ahead, men!
[ARCHER] The main force's
vanguard is headed through
the valley.
Shall we give pursuit?
There's no need.
We've dutifully carried
out our orders.
Prepare to withdraw.
By the time they
left the valley,
their army of 30,000
men was cut in half.
After that,
His Highness
stopped in villages,
gathering troops and supplies,
and managed to recover his
forces back up to 25,000.
Even if he does take back Van,
doesn't Father realize he's
turning the people against him?
He's openly inviting
a rebellion.
I've more to report.
After replenishing his forces
and arriving in Van,
the plains were already filled
with Elfrieden Kingdom banners.
Van's fallen!
We were too late!